README.md, before:

# Restaurant Front Desk System

A full-stack restaurant management system built with Django, focusing on streamlining front desk operations for restaurants including reservations, order management, menu handling, and customer service.

## Project Overview

This system aims to provide restaurants with an all-in-one solution to manage:
- Customer reservations and seating
- Menu management and real-time updates
- Order processing and tracking
- Payment handling
- Staff scheduling and management
- Customer data and preferences

## Setup & Installation

### Prerequisites
- Python 3.8 or higher
- Git
- Windows, macOS, or Linux operating system

### Installation Steps

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd RestaurantApp
   ```

2. **Create and activate a virtual environment**
   
   For Windows:
   ```
   python -m venv venv
   venv\Scripts\activate
   ```
   
   For macOS/Linux:
   ```
   python3 -m venv venv
   source venv/bin/activate
   ```

3. **Install dependencies**
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

4. **Apply migrations**
   ```
   python manage.py migrate
   ```

5. **Create a superuser (admin)**
   ```
   python manage.py createsuperuser
   ```

6. **Run the development server**
   ```
   python manage.py runserver
   ```
   
   The application will be available at `http://127.0.0.1:8000/`

## Project Structure

```
RestaurantApp/
│
├── restaurant_frontdesk/      # Main project directory
│   ├── settings.py            # Project settings
│   ├── urls.py                # Main URL routing
│   ├── wsgi.py                # WSGI configuration
│   └── asgi.py                # ASGI configuration
│
├── apps/                      # Applications directory
│   ├── users/                 # User management
│   ├── menu/                  # Menu management
│   ├── orders/                # Order processing
│   ├── payments/              # Payment handling
│   ├── delivery/              # Delivery management
│   └── desk/                  # Front desk operations
│
├── templates/                 # HTML templates
│   ├── base.html             # Base template
│   └── ...
│
├── static/                    # Static files (CSS, JS, images)
│   ├── css/
│   ├── js/
│   └── images/
│
├── media/                     # User-uploaded files
│
├── manage.py                  # Django management script
├── requirements.txt           # Project dependencies
├── .gitignore                 # Git ignore file
└── README.md                  # This file
```

## Development State

- **Current Version**: v0.1.0
- **Current Branch**: feature/v0.1.2-project-restructure
- **Development Stage**: Initial project setup and structure

### Version History

- **v0.1.0**: Initial Django project setup

## Usage Instructions

### Running the Application

1. Ensure your virtual environment is activated:
   ```
   venv\Scripts\activate  # Windows
   source venv/bin/activate  # macOS/Linux
   ```

2. Start the development server:
   ```
   python manage.py runserver
   ```

3. Access the application at `http://127.0.0.1:8000/`

### Admin Interface

Access the Django admin interface at `http://127.0.0.1:8000/admin/` using the superuser credentials created during setup.

### Development Workflow

1. Create a feature branch for new development:
   ```
   git checkout -b feature/v[version]-[feature-name]
   ```

2. Make changes and commit with descriptive messages:
   ```
   git add .
   git commit -m "Descriptive message about the changes"
   ```

3. Push changes to the feature branch:
   ```
   git push origin feature/v[version]-[feature-name]
   ```

4. When ready, merge to the dev branch:
   ```
   git checkout dev
   git merge feature/v[version]-[feature-name]
   git push origin dev
   ```

## License

[Specify your license here]

## Contact

[Your contact information]

Commit message:

docs: update README with v0.1.2 changes

README.md, after:

# Restaurant Front Desk System

A full-stack restaurant management system built with Django, focusing on streamlining front desk operations for restaurants including reservations, order management, menu handling, and customer service.

## Project Overview

This system aims to provide restaurants with an all-in-one solution to manage:
- Customer reservations and seating
- Menu management and real-time updates
- Order processing and tracking
- Payment handling
- Staff scheduling and management
- Customer data and preferences

## Setup & Installation

### Prerequisites
- Python 3.8 or higher
- Git
- Windows, macOS, or Linux operating system

### Installation Steps

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd RestaurantApp
   ```

2. **Create and activate a virtual environment**
   
   For Windows:
   ```
   python -m venv venv
   venv\Scripts\activate
   ```
   
   For macOS/Linux:
   ```
   python3 -m venv venv
   source venv/bin/activate
   ```

3. **Install dependencies**
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

4. **Apply migrations**
   ```
   python manage.py migrate
   ```

5. **Create a superuser (admin)**
   ```
   python manage.py createsuperuser
   ```

6. **Run the development server**
   ```
   python manage.py runserver
   ```
   
   The application will be available at `http://127.0.0.1:8000/`

## Project Structure

```
RestaurantApp/
│
├── restaurant_frontdesk/      # Main project directory
│   ├── settings.py            # Project settings
│   ├── urls.py                # Main URL routing
│   ├── wsgi.py                # WSGI configuration
│   └── asgi.py                # ASGI configuration
│
├── apps/                      # Applications directory
│   ├── users/                 # User management
│   ├── menu/                  # Menu management
│   ├── orders/                # Order processing
│   ├── payments/              # Payment handling
│   ├── delivery/              # Delivery management
│   └── desk/                  # Front desk operations
│
├── templates/                 # HTML templates
│   ├── base.html             # Base template
│   └── ...
│
├── static/                    # Static files (CSS, JS, images)
│   ├── css/
│   ├── js/
│   └── images/
│
├── media/                     # User-uploaded files
│
├── manage.py                  # Django management script
├── requirements.txt           # Project dependencies
├── .gitignore                 # Git ignore file
└── README.md                  # This file
```

## Development State

- **Current Version**: v0.1.2
- **Current Branch**: feature/v0.1.2-project-restructure
- **Development Stage**: Project restructuring and template system implementation

### Version History

- **v0.1.2**: Project restructuring and template fixes
  - Reorganized project structure with dedicated apps/ and templates/ directories
  - Implemented template inheritance system with base.html
  - Fixed template syntax errors in profile and staff management pages
  - Improved code organization and maintainability
- **v0.1.1**: Initial Django project setup and basic configuration
- **v0.1.0**: Project initialization

## Usage Instructions

### Running the Application

1. Ensure your virtual environment is activated:
   ```
   venv\Scripts\activate  # Windows
   source venv/bin/activate  # macOS/Linux
   ```

2. Start the development server:
   ```
   python manage.py runserver
   ```

3. Access the application at `http://127.0.0.1:8000/`

### Admin Interface

Access the Django admin interface at `http://127.0.0.1:8000/admin/` using the superuser credentials created during setup.

### Development Workflow

1. Create a feature branch for new development:
   ```
   git checkout -b feature/v[version]-[feature-name]
   ```

2. Make changes and commit with descriptive messages:
   ```
   git add .
   git commit -m "Descriptive message about the changes"
   ```

3. Push changes to the feature branch:
   ```
   git push origin feature/v[version]-[feature-name]
   ```

4. When ready, merge to the dev branch:
   ```
   git checkout dev
   git merge feature/v[version]-[feature-name]
   git push origin dev
   ```

## License

[Specify your license here]

## Contact

[Your contact information]
